[docs] add RNW version to the SDK reference table (#20160)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/index.mdx

> Every quarter there is a new Expo SDK release that typically updates to the latest stable version of React Native and includes a variety of bug fixes, features, and improvements to the Expo SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every quarter there is a new Expo SDK release that typically updates to the latest stable versions of React Native and React Native Web, and includes a variety of bug fixes, features, and improvements to the Expo SDK.
```

As per our discussion yesterday on Slack, let's also include RNW in the text itself.
